Hello Viewer. In this video I will talk more
in depth about the Goblin Workshop/Gnomish
Gearworks.
At level 1 this building will create one of
4 random items for you each day.
The Sticky Grenade launcher shoots a bomb
at a targeted enemy. It has about a 2 second
cast time and taking damage interrupts the
"cast". Once it is succesfully launched it
will tick for 6 seconds and then explode,
dealing a pretty nice amount of AoE damage
centered on the target. This item has 25 charges
and has a 6 second cooldown. As with all the
workshop items, you can get more charges if
you run out, or if you destroy the item. It
may be a bit boring, but the DPS boost is
quite good.
The Pneumatic Power Glove is in my opinion
purely for PvP. It pulls the target towards
you (DK style) if you are melee, or knocks
them away if you are ranged. It also deals
a minor amount of damage. It has a 2 minute
cooldown and 10 charges. Great fun for knocking
enemy players off a ledge, but mobs just run
up a wall like nothing happened.
The Robo Rooster summons an angry chicken
which will fight your enemies for 10 minutes,
or until it accidentally takes damage from
an AoE ability. It has only 20k hitpoints so keeping
it alive is pretty hard. While it is alive
though, it deals a minor amount of DPS to
your enemies, until it goes berserk. When
that happens it starts hitting pretty hard.
Its cooldown is the same as its duration,
10 minutes, and it has 5 charges.
The final level 1 item is the Skyterror, which
is a rocket and goblin glider combo. It shoots
you pretty high into the air and then deploys
a glider, similar to the one engineers can
make. This item is awesome, period. The only
downside is that it only has 2 charges before
you have to return to your base. You can use it
while in combat though, to escape like a coward,
or generally to travel to areas you normally
cannot reach. Or just, you know, because flightpaths
are for losers.
At level 2, 5 more items become available
for the random selection.
The Prototype Chopper is a mount, except it
has a vehicle interface with a shiny red button.
When pressed it will blow up the motorcycle,
dealing a nice amount of AoE damage around
you and knocking you into the air. You do
bring a parachute so you won't take any damage
yourself. This item has 10 charges. Unfortunately
it's only as fast as your regular mounts,
and it will cost you a charge every time you
get off. Still, could be fun in Ashran.
The "Bullseye" Guided Rocket is a flying mount.
It will also boost
your speed by an enormous amount for the first
few seconds, AND it will explode if you fly
into an enemy. However... It only lasts for
1 minute, after which it disappears without
giving you a parachute or glider. Also, the
boost you get is fairly uncontrollable, so
make sure you deploy this item on a hill or
facing a nice open field. Also it has to be
deployed, so it will be hard to use it in
combat, and it only has 2 charges. Still,
its a flying mount in an expansion without
flying, so... best item in the game!
The Sentry Turret Dispenser lets you drop
3 turrets next to you that will start shooting
your enemies. Their damage is decent, and
their hp is fine considering there are 3 and
they only last 30 seconds. A fine allround
item for soloing. It has 5 charges and a 30
second cooldown.
The Micro Jetpack turns your jump into a superjump
for 10 minutes. You will jump sort of like
a forward disengage, and when you land you
deal some AoE damage. The damage is pretty
minimal, but still fun to kill critters with.
It has an extremely low cooldown, after you
land you can almost immediately use it again,
and it is pretty fun. I don't think it's faster
than mounting, but in Ashran it can definitely
be beneficial to get away from melee fights,
or jump right in and chase people, if you're
one of "those" players. It's also great for
moving quickly inside areas where you cannot
mount. Unfortunately it will not let you jump
off buildings or mountains with superspeed.
10 minutes duration, and 5 charges.
And finally the NUKULAR Target Painter. It's
the red dot of death from StarCraft. You mark
an area and everyone around you will receive
a warning. Then after a few seconds a very
powerful AOE will hit, killing everything
it touches, or at least everything that has
less than 500k health. Of course only stupid people
will get hit by this, like all NPC's ever,
or that alliance guy I polymorphed, but still...
who doesn't want to have their own nuke?
It has a 1 hour cd and 1 charge.
To unlock level 3 of this building you will
have to use all the random items a certain
amount of times. Since you can keep spawning
them over and over in the same day it shouldn't
take too long. At level 3, in addition to
the random items, you will be able to summon
a siege vehicle once a day. It has no time
limit, but once it's destroyed that's it
for today. Sadly I was not able to get this
achievement before beta ended, so I can't
show you the Demolisher in action. Let's just
watch it stand here instead.
I don't know it if was a beta bug or intended,
but when I built my level 2 workshop I got
both the nuke and another random item each
day. Except occasionally when only the nuke
would be available. I kinda hope Blizzard
will not fix this if it is a bug, because
I'm not sure if 1 item at a time will outweigh
the permanent bonuses the other large buildings
give. Still...
How can ANYTHING POSSIBLY compete with THIS!
And that's it for this video. Thanks for watching and cya later!